Hey, why don't you accept that you have no martial arts ethics?
Hey, I don't believe I can't take care of you
I'm still afraid of you
Hey, okay, okay
All right, next time you take the lead
Oops teasing you
Hey, is there anything new in the development of this SM recently?
There's not much movement over there at 7:30
It's just a rumor going around the park.
We lost badly.
Let them talk, but there's more news
Song Qiuxi is back. Who is Song Qiuxi?
Captain of the Inspectorate
The previous international relocation took more than 3 months
Why are you here?
Why is it so close to SM?
Can't I come to spend yet?
Whatever
What is the inspection team you mentioned just now?
Oops, boss, you don't even know the inspector team
Inspectorate of the Army
7:30 and called the three major organizations of SM
But Song Qiu Temple is different from Jiang Road and Feishuang
He's got a lot of money.
I heard that he came back this time to help the poor
Oh, the philanthropist.
Yeah, it's fine.
I don't trust philanthropists.
Anyway, I always feel that he is yin